fix/atualizacao-lojaintegrada-q1 (#1066)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/unofficial/lojaintegrada.en.md

The **steps to start charging with Mercado Pago** are the following:

1. Create a [seller account](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/activities) in Mercado Pago if you do not yet have one.
2. Synchronize your Mercado Pago account on your site.
3. Set the payment methods with Mercado Pago.

## Synchronize Mercado Pago on your site

To **synchronize your Mercado Pago account to Loja Integrada**, follow these steps:

1. Access the [payment methods settings](https://app.lojaintegrada.com.br/painel/configuracao/pagamento/listar) in the Loja Integrada menu.
2. Click on “Mercado Pago” and then on "Synchronize Mercado Pago account”.
3. You are going to be redirected to Mercado Pago so that you can enter your account with your account information. To authorize the connection, click on “Allow”.

    ![Installing Mercado Pago - Loja Integrada](/images/lojaintegrada/lojaintegrada-connect-1.gif)

> Done! Mercado Pago account is Synchronize on your site and you can start charging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Done! Mercado Pago account is synchronized with your site and you can start charging.
```

> NOTE
>
> Change the Mercado Pago account
>

> > If you wish to change the Mercado Pago account associated to your site, it is necessary to close and Synchronize the new account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you wish to change the Mercado Pago account associated to your site, it is necessary to close the active account and synchronize again using the new account.
```
